alright this is my review on for your
combat um start off it's free which is
always a good thing and it's actually a
pretty big download it's like almost two
gigs um gameplay in it it's pretty good
got really good graphics not like top of
line for right now but they're pretty
good that they got really cool shadows
now you can play off shadows like wait
for guys come around the corners and
stuff um c weapons um they only have
about six weapons we got like an assault
rifle pistols shotgun machine gun they
got the high-powered machine gun and
they have an ASP rifle they don't have a
sniper rifle so it's kind of a downside
um another thing is the sound the sound
is actually very good when you playing a
lot of people there's no explosions
everywhere but when you're playing like
just one or two people kind of adds to
the fear concept of it when you have
like you're hearing people's footsteps
get closer to you it's like almost
pitch-black dark so another thing is
there's a lot of shakiness when you're
playing that's one of the bad things
about it like you all sudden if a
grenade goes off and there's a lot of
shooting all on your screen starts
shaking as you can um the games overall
pretty good it's actually a pretty great
game for being free and
if you can deal with the download time
pretty fun it's not a very hard game to
pick up it's so you don't have to be
like experience to just get in and play
I think that's it just I recommend it
for anyone that likes just downloading
free games probably one of the better
shooter games it's free um one more
thing is I it like the computer i use
before this couldn't run it so kinda has
like medium requirements not too high so
you know you can run it download it play
have fun it's all I got for you guys to
see you later